intro introversion intro people like now
jogi on the start and today I'll show you
how we best cure
manufacture or
almost infinite colors can or it
is actually relatively easy and that
We then go stop first to us
home that still have no home
that will be during the game
So happen relatively early that is
then this be here and those nice ones
We'll just buy one for you
garden
I have everything but that now
Garden is the most important thing after us
we have the garden shit we go to
the skill points and very important
this fish is rice point where you
should learn because then twice as
many get out like you normally do
and now this is already one
syringe here is a green that would have
be green and the now so
I collected six green leaves
or three spray for still
you did not know you can do everything here
leave and sell all the stuff
Thus, then stop and stock be
pocket money up
that was it to look at then
Doing a quick trip somewhere
The main thing is that it's fast as it is
the name already says fast travel
I could theoretically say that
already sell
as you can see 16 million already have one
few crushed it went relatively fix
sell all the stuff here
I still have 32 green leaves left
are 16 inject again in addition to
a night here thus already 24 spray
just go back up there
load and we now see are the
So plant it all over again
then harvest again
You have less in a few
minutes are actually enough
splash or green leaves small tip
on the edge or info
that's the scream this is supposed to be
Carpenter tree be match pure us
That's what they have to do again
to ask the stupid tip of normal
that was tree decoration so far
still nothing brought a few kilos
madness few thousand attached to club
23 4000 not worth the money and the
shout that this is what it brings
good as nothing
the pigs where you can buy are only
for the fair here that you free of charge
gets the well or that
faucet where you can buy it for the
vest of the destill so the black
distillery is under power for the motors
here is my little helicopter space
in the outer facade is well
the lighting is also now
not that was when i was in the house
what should buy so if you what
then you want to buy the garden
most important first time you have that
then you have infinite coal and
I would spray all kinds of infinity
just pretend so
everything else comes by itself
that was it then and the nice ones
Men are shooting all morning
around here